if it takes 15 people eight hours to
make hundred items how many hours will
it take six people working at the same
rate to make half as many items it's
like impossible three little letters you
found on 1140 bad as me man what'd you
tell your parents I lied
you've never been so proud son define
your status did you see my dad's truck
in the driver
it says Matthews and son septic on it if
I don't get into Maryland my life it can
change your life
you need a 901 the SAT and completely
mess it up again very proud of you honey
it stress you out six different students
now maybe we thought this was bigger
than us one-on-one but there's no way
it's gonna beat off us together with six
different dreams
maybe we should all say exactly why
we're here the SAT is racist what who
created it is rich white guys who scored
the highest on the test
Asian chicks middle class Asian girls
who watch less than half television
today oh one last shot at the perfect
score haven't I do you want to steal the
answers to the test
a lot of kids struggle with the SAT that
doesn't justify thievery
I've never really done anything I mean
I've never broken curfew I've never been
class and I've never made out on our
rooftop Laurie goes my buzz
these people they're messing with the
rest of our lives could you fetch me
that mail mail boy okay
if you could be anything you wanted to
be what would you be
what did you say Madi pornstar just
happy
[Music]
matter what happens when you get out of
that room still gonna be you man
what test is gonna change that
[Music]
we've assembled a crack team chief